Sister Su, you are pregnant.
If old people go there, they will definitely be very happy.
Hey, old man, I... what did you say?
Talk about getting out of the car. Wake up.
Who are you? Has the old man been lost?
Don’t you remember me? I’m Qin Ning?
Your fiancée? My dear. murderer,
He actually had the nerve to come see my son. Aunt,
I beg you. Do you want me to see my old person one last time?
Shut up. What if it wasn't because of your shameless nature that you were pestering him?
Then she won't have bad fights with her family.
If I marry you and live together,
It was supposed to be the last time I saw you
I won't suggest letting you go
But I'm afraid I don't remember anything
Don't remember tomorrow
I took Xiuyuan out for recuperation
I'm willing to stay with Xueyanzi for the rest of my life.
But remember
Don't let the third person know about Su Ran
You'll never have the chance to see Brother Xiuyan again
Brother Xiuyan only said to use me alone.